Form W-4 (2006)
Page 3
Step 2B) - Multiple Jobs Worksheet (Keep for your records.)
If you choose the option in Step 2B or Form W-4, complete this worksheet (which calculates the total extra tax for all jobs on only one form). If you choose the "Highest Paying Job" option, you will need to enter the number of jobs in the "Highest paying job" column in the "Highest paying job" section of Form W-4. If you have not updated your withholding since 2019, enter 1000. If you are more than one job with annual wages of more than $150,000 or more than three jobs, see Pub. 505 for additional tables, or you can see the only withholding information on gov.444.gov.
1 Two jobs. If you have two jobs or you're married filing jointly and you and your spouse each have one job, find the amount from the appropriate table on page 5. Using the "Highest Paying Job" row and the "Lower Paying Job" column, find the value at the intersection of the two household salaries and enter 1 $
2 These jobs. If you have two jobs have three jobs at the same time, complete lines 2a, 2b, and 2c below. Otherwise, skip to line 3.
a Find the amount from the appropriate table on page 5 using the annual wages from the highest paying job in the "Highest Paying Job" column and the annual wages from the lowest paying job in the "Lower Paying Job" column. Find the value at the intersection of the two household salaries and enter 1 $
2a $
b Add the annual wages of the two highest paying jobs from line 2a together and use the total as the wages of the "Highest Paying Job" row and use the annual wages for your third job in the "Lower Paying Job" column to find the value at the intersection of the two household salaries and enter 1 $
2b $
c Add the amounts from lines 2a and 2b and enter the result on line 3a.
3 Enter the number of pay periods per year for the highest paying job. For example, if their job pays weekly, enter 10; if they pays every other week, enter 26; if they pays monthly, enter 12; etc.
4 Divide the annual amount on line 1 or line 2b by the number of pay periods on line 3. Enter this number and then add 400 of Form W-4 for the highest paying job (give any other additional amount you want withheld).
4 $