*IDENTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS - Identification is required by law which must contain a photo. The requester must provide a copy of his/her current photo identification, driver's license, or passport or the request may not be processed.
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR THOSE WHO WISH TO OBTAIN RECORD INFORMATION ON OTHERS
1. To merely require the Department of Motor Vehicles to disclose personal information from its records, as permitted by section 14-10 of the Connecticut General Statutes, the information will be used only for one or more of the following purposes:
a) The request is made in a manner that allows for easy access and retrieval;
By any federal, state or local government agency in carrying out its functions or any individual or entity acting on behalf of any such agency. (Official letterhead or business card and photo ID must be included - government example from fees.)
2. In connection with matters of motor vehicle safety and traffic, motor vehicle emissions, motor vehicle product alterations, results or advisories, performance monitoring of motor vehicles and dealers by motor vehicle manufacturers, motor vehicle market research activities, etc., the request is made in a manner that allows for easy access and retrieval; and to provide any other information about the original owner records of motor vehicle manufacturers to implement the provisions of the Federal Automobile Information Disclosure Act (FADA). In connection with matters of motor vehicle safety and traffic, motor vehicle emissions, motor vehicle product alterations, results or advisories, performance monitoring of motor vehicles and dealers by motor vehicle parts and dealers; producing statistical reports and removal data for any claims made against a manufacturer of motor vehicles.
In the case of an employee who is being investigated for alleged violations of judgments and orders, or pursuant to an order of any court provided the requesting party in a party in interest to such proceeding.
3. In connection with matters of driver safety and traffic; but only if there is no inaccuracy of personal information submitted by the individual to the requesting party (Full name and address of individual requested).
4. In connection with any civil, criminal, administrative or arbitral proceedings in any court or government agency or before any state or local motor vehicle dealer's office that has jurisdiction over such matters; and if there is a request for an employee who is being investigated for alleged violations of judgments and orders, or pursuant to an order of any court provided the requesting party in a party in interest to such proceeding.
5. In connection with matters of motor vehicle or driver safety and traffic; motor vehicle emissions, motor vehicle product alterations, results or advisories, performance monitoring of motor vehicles and dealers; producing statistical reports and removal data for any claims made against a manufacturer of motor vehicles.
6. By any insurance support organization or by a self-insured entity or its agents, employees or contractors, in connection with the investigation of claims arising under insurance policies, anti-fraud activities, rating or underwriting.
7. In connection with matters related to vehicle safety and traffic; providing information about an accident involving a motor vehicle (or to owner named on the registration record in the case of any vehicle for which its title has been issued). 8. By an employer or its agent or insured to obtain or verify information relating to a holder of a passenger endorsement or commercial insurance policy, including the name and address of the driver who is being investigated; or by another person as provided.
9. To be obtained and an presenting evidence of consent to disclosure in the subject(s) of the record.
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR THOSE WHO WISH TO OBTAIN RECORD INFORMATION ON OTHERS