Employee's Withholding Certificate
W-4
OMB No. 1545-0274
Complete Form W-4 so that your employee can withdraw the correct federal income tax from your pay. Your withholding is subject to review by the IRS.
Date:
Department of the Treasury
Year:
Your social security number
Step 1:
368 (First name or middle initial)
Social Security Number:
Enter Personal Information
(City, state, and ZIP code)
Does your name match the information on this form? If not, to return a copy of this form with your new name by no later than July 27, 1968. (Do not write over this line.)
Address:
City or town:
(State)
a Single is Married filing separately
b)
Single and NotMarried Filing Separately
c)
Head of household? Check only if you're married and have more than half the costs of keeping up a home for yourself and a qualifying individual. (Generally, your spouse has to pay all taxes on their income.) If you are not single or married but qualify as one by completing steps 2-4 above, then check number valid for employer. See page 3 for more information.
TIP: Consider when determining the amount of withholding that is most accurate withholding for the end of the year if your are completing this form after the beginning of the year; expect to work only part of the year, or have changes during the year in your income and expenses. If you do not qualify as a single on step 2-4 above because you will be paying more taxes due from other jobs (or paychecks), then check number valid for employer. See page 3 for more information.
Complete Steps 2-4 ONLY if they apply to you; otherwise, skip to Step 5. See page 2 for more information on each step, who can complete the steps in order of their income and expenses as described below:
Step 1:
Complete this step if you (i) hold more than one job at a time, or (ii) are married filing jointly and your spouse is paying less tax from either of these jobs. Use only one of the following:
New Jobs or Spouse Works
Do only one of the following:
(a) Use the information in rows 19-20 on page 3 to determine accurate withholding for this step (and Steps 3-4). If you or your spouse have self-employment income, use this option.
(b) Use the information in rows 21-26 on page 3 to determine accurate withholding for this step (and Steps 3-4). (c) If there are only two jobs total, just may check the box. Do the same as Form W-4 for the other job. This will be more accurate if you have one or more income sources and lower paying jobs. Use these options to pay the highest paying job; otherwise, Step 26 is more accurate
Complete Steps 3-4: Only when only ONE of these jobs (see page 5) is used for this step for the other jobs. Your withholding will be most accurate if you complete Steps 3-4 as described below:
Step 3: If your total income will be $20,000 or less ($10,000 or less!)
(a) Multiply the number of qualifying children under age 17 by (b) Add the amount for each dependent's salary and expenses. (c) Apply the maximum tax dependency to $360.5$
Step 4: Other Income
Other income (not from jobs; if you want tax withholding for other income you may apply a deduction of up to one time your annual wage, or more than half of your total income here). This may include interest, dividends, and rent income.
(b) Deductions. Use the deductions Worksheet on page 4 to determine amount for each dependent's salary and expenses. (c) Add the amount from Steps 5-6 as described below:
$
Step 5: Total Income
Other Income Only
(a) Extra withholding. Enter any additional tax you want withheld each pay period $
(b) Other income is not included in this section, but may be claimed for your own taxes (see page 4).
Date Employee's name and address
Employees only
Employee's signature (This form is not valid unless you sign it.)
Call No. 702639