Form W-4 (2016)
Page 3
Step 2B)-Multiple Jobs Worksheet (Keep for your records.)
If you choose the option in Step 2B or Form W-4, complete this worksheet which calculates the total extra tax for all jobs on only one "W" and "U" job. The instructions are to fill out each row from line 1 of Form W-4 by adding a dollar amount that is more than one job's annual wages at most $130,000 or less; see section 7(a)(6) for the highest paying job. To be accurate, submit a new Form W-4 for all other jobs if you have not update your withholding since 2019. If more than one job's annual wages are more than $130,000 or less, see section 7(a)(6) to enter the lowest "Highest Paying Job" column; find the value at the intersection of the two household salaries and write it in line 2b below. Otherwise, skip to line 3.
Two jobs: If you have two jobs or you're married filing jointly and you and your spouse each have one job, fill out the appropriate table on page 5. Using the "Highest Paying Job" row and the "Lower Paying Job" column, find the value at the intersection of the two household salaries and write it in line 2a below. Otherwise, skip to line 3.
1 $
2 These jobs: If you neither your spouse have three jobs at the same time, complete lines 2b, 2d, and 2c below. Otherwise, skip to line 3.
Find the amount from the appropriate table on page 5 using the annual wages from the highest paying job in the "Highest Paying Job" column; find the value at the intersection of two salaries and write it in line 2a below. If you have three jobs but only one is a highpaying job, enter its salary in line 2b below.
a
Add the annual wages of the two highest paying jobs from line 2a together and use the total as the value in the "Highest Paying Job" row and use the annual wages for your third job in the "Lower Paying Job" column to find the value at the intersection of the three household salaries and write it in line 2c below. Otherwise, skip to line 3.
b
Add the annual wages of the two highest paying jobs from line 2a together and use the total as the value in the "Lowest Paying Job" row and use the annual wages for your third job in the "Lower Paying Job" column to find the value at the intersection of three household salaries and write it in line 2c below. Otherwise, skip to line 3.
C
Add the amount from lines 2b and 2d and enter its result on line 2c.
$
4 Add the number of pay periods by year for the highest paying job. For example, if their job pays weekly, enter $2; if it pays every other week, enter $6; if it pays monthly, enter $12; etc.
3
4 Divide the annual amount on line 1 or line 2b by the number of pay periods on line 3. Enter this value in column #4 and add a dollar sign (or two dollars) for each additional amount you want withholds.