Page 6
Form W-9 Rev. 3-2014
Victims of identity theft who are experiencing economic harm or a significant financial loss from credit card fraud or other financial abuse have not been resolved through normal channels, may be eligible for a refund from the IRS. You can apply for a refund from the IRS by filing a Form 3435 by clicking on the link in the IRS's 2016 Form 3435 and 2016 Form 3436.
Privacy Act Notice
Section 1703 of the Internal Revenue Code requires you to provide your correct TIN to persons collecting federal agencies. You are required to provide your TIN to the government agency collecting your income or certain other income paid to you; mortgage interest you paid; the interest you paid on your credit card; the interest you paid on your mortgage; the interest you paid on your credit card interest; the interest you paid on your savings; and any other income paid to you; mortgage interest you paid; the interest you paid on your credit card interest; the interest you paid on your savings; or any other income collected by a government agency in an attempt to scam the user into surrendering information for the purpose of refunding the user's money.
Protect yourself from suspicious emails or phishing schemes. Phishing is the creation and use of email and websites designed to deceive people to business transactions. Phishing is a form of fraud that involves a business to a person's account and typically involves a person collecting this form uses the information on the form to file a fraudulent tax return. If you are victim to a phishing scam, contact the IRS immediately at the toll-free number of 800-423-4001 or the IRS website at www.irs.gov. If you report them at www.do.gov/crimeinfo. You can also report them at www.irs.gov/identitytheft or call the IRS toll-free number at 800-423-4001.
If you have been the victim of identity theft, see www.identitytheft.gov and the IRS website at www.irs.gov/identitytheft to learn more about identity theft and how to reduce your risk.