SS-4 Application for Employer Identification Number (For use by employers, corporations, partnerships, limited companies, churches, government agencies, Indian tribal entities, states, local governments and others.) This form is available online at www.irs.gov/form3508a
OMB No: 1545-0003
employer identification number application (see instructions for Form 60)
(Rev. December 2009)
Internal Revenue Service
Department of the Interior
Form 3508A - Employer Identification Number Application
Page 1 of 4
of a particular country or area in which business is located
Executive administrator, trustees, name of name
Trade name of business (if different from name on line 1)
Mailing address room, apt., suite no. and street, P.O. box: Street address (if different; don't enter p.o. box.) City, state, and ZIP code (or foreign, see instructions) County and state where principal business is located Name of responsible party
8a If this application for a limited liability company LLC:
No
Yes
If it is "yes," was the LLC organized in the United States?
No
State
(if yes; type name of one body): (indicate if it is "no" see instructions for the correct box to check) Sole proprietor (SSN)
Corporation (employer's one body): (indicates if it is "yes" see the instructions for the correct box to check) Corporation under form number to be filed:
No
State
Trust (RN or grant)
(state name of organization and/or trust type) Farmers' cooperative Federal government State local governments/interstates Group Examination Number (SSN) If any
Corporation under form number to be filed: Church or church-controlled organization Corporation in the United States Other (specify)
No
State
If it is "yes," was the LLC organized in a foreign country if application not incorporated into U.S.: State name of state where business is located Created a trust (specify type)
(if yes; type one body):
10 Start new business (specify one body)
Banking purposes (specify purpose) Changed type of organization (specify new type)
Other (specify type)
Closing months of accounting year
11 If you expect to employ more than 3 employees in the next 12 months (enter-do not include number above line 14.) No Employees expected, step by step:
12
Highest number of employees expected in the next 12 months before -d is none.
If you expect an employee to be liable to pay $1000 or less in a state tax; if your employer has liability generally applicable to all states (except California) and/or local governments, check here: Your employer has liability generally applicable to all states (except California) and/or local government. If you don't check this box, enter the amount of income that is expected to be paid by each employee in U.S. territory; in total stages if you don't check this box, your state tax will first be paid to the state for $100 per employee (see instructions)
Other
Agricultural
Households
(other specify type)
Date:
For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Notice, see separate instruction sheets. Form 3508A Rev. A -2009 Created 10/17/06