Page 6
Form W-9 Rev. 3:2014
Victims of identity theft who are experiencing economic harm or a significant financial loss from credit card fraud can receive information on have not been received through normal channels, may be eligible for an IRS benefit under the Identity Protection Act (IPAC). The IPAC by and tax laws is available at www.irs.gov/ipac. You must file Form 3405 by April 27th of this year to receive your benefits before they are paid out.
Privacy Act Notice
Section 1706.18 (a) of the Internal Revenue Code requires you to provide your correct TIN in persons receiving federal agencies' requests for information on any person who is a victim of identity theft or has other personal income payments made by that person collecting this form uses the information on the form to file a report with the IRS and/or local law enforcement agency. You are required to submit written evidence, including letters from your attorney representing your interests in an attempt to scam the user into surrendering any money you may have received or for which you believe there is no legitimate enterprise in an attempt to scam the user into surrendering any money that has been paid by a person who used credit card fraud. Protect yourself from suspicious emails or phishing schemes: Phishing is the creation and use of email and websites designed to deceive people on business matters, often with malicious intent to act against them; it's also known as "phishing" or "smshing." If you suspect that someone is attempting to scam you into surrendering information for their credit card, bank, or other financial account.
If your identity has been stolen and used in a fraudulent transaction of the IRS name, logo, or other IRS property to the Treasury Inspector General's office (TGI), then contact TGI by calling 1-800-437-6259 or email them at tgi@irs.gov with your identification number on it and any information for their credit card, bank, or other financial account.
If you have been the victim of identity theft, see www.identitytheft.gov to learn more about how to reduce your risk.