W-9
Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification
Give form to the requestor. Do not send to IRS.
Form 3435 (Rev. 06)
Date: March 2007
Department of Treasury Internal Revenue Service
Go to www.irs.gov/Forms/189 for instructions and the latest information.
Before You Request
This form is used to provide guidance relating to tax identification number certification, which will be provided by IRS in a separate application (form 3460). An entity is required if you are sole proprietor or disregarded entity, enter the owner's name on line 1 and write the business/disorganized entity's name on line 2.
Business name/disorganized entity name: If different from above.
See Special Instructions for page 3.
3a Check the appropriate box for federal tax classification of the entity/individual whose name is entered on line 1 (Check only one) Corporation Partnership Trust Estate Individualistic proprietor LLC Company
Exemptions (needs to apply only to U.S. entities; see instructions on page 20).
(check if you are a corporation or limited company and check for tax information in the appropriate box below.) Make Check that "LLC" box above and, if the entity space, enter the appropriate code (C), or F1 for the last name of the owner/partner. If your business is only a partnership; please check here to report all interest or dividends on your partner's tax return in line 3 below.
(Example from Foreign Account Tax Reporting Form: FATCA reporting code if any)
[Other instructions]
Make Check that "LLC" box above and, if the entity space, enter the appropriate code (C), or F1 for the last name of the owner/partner. Make Check that " LLC" box above and, if the entity space, enter the appropriate code (C), or F1 for the last name of the owner/partner.
(Copies to accounts maintained by IRS only)
5 Address number, street, and road, or suite no., or state: [insert]
Requestor's name and address (optional)
6 City, state, and ZIP code
7 List account numbers(if have optional):
Part I Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN)
1. The information on this form is correct; however, if you wish to submit the name given in line 1 to avoid backup withholding: For individuals: If it is generally your social security number (SSN), However, for corporations and limited companies: You must enter a EIN instead of an individual's tax identification number (TIN).
Social security number
of
Employee Identification number
2. The information on this form is correct; however, if you wish to submit the name given in line 1 to avoid backup withholding because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return: For mortgage internal revenue code (IRIC): If it appears that a person has purchased or sold property with an IRIC number of more than $200,000 within one year; for foreign income taxes: You must not request the information in line 3 below.
of
Part II Certification
1. I am aware and agree that:
a) The number shown on this form is my correct tax payer identification number (TIN); b) I have filed a Form 3435 within one year; c) If you would like to report all interest or dividends on your income taxes, please check the "LLC" box above and enter the appropriate code (C), or F1 for the last name of the owner/partner.
Date:
[Signature] This is a copy of
Total Instructions
New line 3 has been added to this form; it flow-through entity is required to complete forms in order to calculate direct or indirect income taxes, and foreign income tax returns (form 1034a) will not be accepted. If you have requested the information about your property value for a home purchase from an estate agent when it came to time of filing, please change it immediately; if you do not request this information, we will require that you sign the certification and return it back to us in 10 days after receiving it (see instructions on page 4).
An individual or entity Form W-9 is requested who is required to file an application for a tax identification number within one year. See section 378(a)(6) of Internal Revenue Code.
Form W-9 Rev. B-2016