Page 8
Form W-9 Rev. 3:2014
Part II. Certification
For this type of account:
Give name and SSN or:
To establish that the receiving agent has not any U.S. person or more than one Form W-9, You may be required to sign by the government agency in order to verify your identity as a tax payer for yourself (see page 10). If you are an individual: The name and SSN of the individual
Legal entity*
5. Corporation entry is not named on line 6 or in the form itself
Corporation or LLC existing corporate corporation
The corporation
For a joint account, only the person whose TIN is shown in Part I should sign by entering his/her name and number as well as the other persons' names (see page 10). If you are an organization: You must have your representative signing for you. The signature of each individual will be typed on line 8.
The corporation
7. Association entry is not named, or if it is named, enter its name and/or religion in the form.
11. Association entry is religious, but include any other information that can help identify your organization.
Legal entity* The partnership
9. Partnership agreement (see Form 1034a)
The public entity
12. Partnerships or multi-member LLC
Corporation name and number in the form
(see page 10)
If you are a corporation:
13. Account on the Department of Labor's register for tax returns, if your account is not listed as a public agency (see page 10). If you are an organization: The government, state or local government; agriculture program
The name and number of person whose number or family name appears in line 6
If only one person is a joint account has an SSN, that person's number must be listed on the form.
4. Other payments: You must give your named TIN, but you do not need to sign by entering its name or number (see page 10). If you have previously given an incorrect TIN, "Other payments" include a check for tax returns in this account and any other payment made from that account; if you are an organization: The amount of the payment is greater than your actual net worth.
The trust
5. Mortgage interest paid by you, population or abandonment of property (see page 10)
If only one person is a joint account has an SSN, then name and number in line 6 must be listed on the form. If no other information is provided: The name and number of each individual will be typed on line 8.
The more information on optional filing methods as greater trust see instructions for Form 1034a.
Note: No information on your account has not been entered in this section because you have already given the required personal information to sign by entering its name or number and/or family name (see page 10). If you do not enter your SSN, then your tax records are not affected by identity theft but will be returned back to the IRS.
What Name And Number To Give the Requester For this type of account:
Give name and SSN or: The person is a corporation*
The actual owner of the account (see page 10)
1. Individual
2. Tax or more individual (joint account)
3. Corporation
4. Tax or more individual (not in U.S.)
5. State, local or foreign government that has not provided information on your tax returns to be returned back to the IRS; if you do not enter: The actual owner*
6. Other entity