DEPARTMENT OF HUSTLE AND GRITTY U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
Employment Eligibility Verification Form 1-9 (Form 1-9)
U.S. Government - Employee Record Security
(Oct. 20, 2007) Revised: Oct. 31, 2007 Expire: 05/31/2008
START HERE: Employees must ensure the form instructions are available to employees when completing this form. Employers are liable for failure of an employee's record security if they fail to comply with these requirements.
ANTI-DISCRIMINATION NOTICE: All employers can choose which acceptable documentation to present (Form 1-9). Employers cannot ask any additional information or require the submission of other documents than those listed in this section and Section 3.7. If you are a U.S. citizen and/orRetiree, your employer differently based on their citizenship, immigration status, or national origin may be illegal.
Section 1: Employee Record Security and Attestation Form must accompany the form if it is not submitted within one day of employment; but not before accepting a job offer.
Model and Date (if any) Other Last Name Used (If Any) State Code
Address (Direct Number and Name)
U.S. Social Security Number
Employee's Email Address
Employee's Employee Number
I am aware that based on the information to obtain to your citizenship or immigration status (See page 2 and 3 of the instructions.)
1. A citizen of the United States
(Date, time & place)
of the United States in this country with a valid U.S. Citizenship by registration number: [insert date here]
2. An American national of the United States (see instructions )
a foreign passport number and/or Country of Issuence
3. A citizen of another country with a valid U.S. Citizen's Number in this country: [insert date here]
(Date, time & Any)
If you have any questions please call one of the following numbers or email (see page 2 for contact information):
Foreign Passport Number and Country of Issuence
Form I-94 Admission Number
USCIS A Number
Signature of Employee
Today's Date (mm/day/year)
if a person and/or translator assistant assist you in completing Section 1. That person MUST complete the Prepare and Translation Certification on Page 3 section with all information available to help guide you through it, including your name and contact number for assistance or questions about this form. If you are not able to read any of these instructions (see page 2) please call one of our toll-free numbers listed below:
(Date)
List A
No
Foreign Passport Number and Country of Issuence
Document Title 1
Issuing Authority
Document Number (if any)
Additional Information
Document Title 2 (If any)
Issuing Authority
Document Number (if any)
Document Title 3 (If any)
Issuing Authority
(Date, time & Any)
Document Title 4 (If any) Issuing Authority
(Date, time and Any)
Check here if you used an alternative procedure authorized by DSHS to examine documents. First Day of Employment Date: [insert date]
Signature of Employee's Authorized Representative
Today's Date (mm/day/year)
Employee's Business or Organization Name
Employee's Business or Organization Address, City or Town, State, ZIP Code
Form 1-9 - Edition: 01.2013 For investigation and reams, complete Supplement B. Reverification and Refire on Page 4.