LISTS OF ACCEPTABLE DOCUMENTS
All documents containing an expiration date must be unexpired. Documents extended by the issue authority are considered unexired. Employees may present one selection from List A or a combining list of two selections from List B and one selection from List C. Examples of many of these documents appear in the Handbook for Employers (M-274).
LIST A
LIST C
Documents That Establish Identity and Employment Authorization 1. U.S. Passport or U.S. Passport Card
 Documents that Issue Birth Identity and Employment Authorization
OR
Documents That Establish Identity AND Documents from Other Employment Authorization
A Social Security Access Card (see the back of this page for one of its following sections)
2. Driver's license or ID card issued by a State or local government; 3. Certificate of birth provided it contains a photograph or information such as name, age and place of birth;
1. U.S. Passport or U.S. Passport Card (Form I-60)
(I) NOT VALID FOR EMPLOYMENT (B) VALID FOR WORK ONLY WITH EMPLOYEE'S ID CARD
2. Driver's license or ID card issued by a state or local government; 3. Certificate of birth provided it contains a photograph or information such as name, age and place of birth;
3. Foreign passport that contains a certificate of nationality in the country of residence;
(B) VALID FOR WORK ONLY WITH EMPLOYEE'S ID CARD (I) NOT valid for work only with employee's identification card and address
2. ID card issued by federal, state or local government; 3. Certificate of birth provided it contains a photograph or information such as name, age and place of birth;
4. Foreign passport that contains a certificate of nationality in the country of residence; (B) valid for work only with employee's identification card and address
5. Driver's license or ID card 6. U.S. Military card or draft record 7. U.S. Coast Guard Marine Corps Mariner Card 8. Native American tribal document 9.Driver's license issued by a Canadian government; (B) valid for work only with passport and
3. Certificate of birth with photograph (Form F15-240)
(A) NOT VALID FOR EMPLOYMENT (I) Not valid for work only with employee's identification card and address
For persons under age 18 who are not U.S. citizens or documents listed above:
7. U.S. Coast Guard Marine Corps Mariner Card (Form I-60)
(A) NOT VALID FOR EMPLOYMENT (I) Not valid for work only with employee's identification card and address;
For examples, see Section 7 and section 8 of the Department of Labor web site: www.dol.gov/e-central
10. School record or birth certificate from high school or college;
6. Passport from the Federal States of America (Form I-94) with "United States" in blue lettering on a white label at top left corner; 7. U.S. Coast Guard Marine Corps Mariner Card (Form I-60) with "United States" in blue lettering on a white label at top right corner
(B) valid for work only with employee's identification card and address