SPECIAL POWER OF ATTORNEY
A-63 REV. 6-2008
STATE OF CONNECTICUT
DEPARTMENT OF MOTOR VEHICLES
60 STATE STREET, WETHERSFIELD, CT 06161
INSTRUCTIONS: The form below may be used to use it in connection with motor vehicle registration and certificate of title, or to make any other motor vehicle registration or certificate of title related to motor vehicles in connection with any sale, transaction involving a motor vehicle registration or title.
1. This form must be completed in its entirety. The form requires your signature, the signature of two witnesses, and the signature of an attorney-in-fact. It is not required to have any other documents or signatures included in the form.
2. The Special Power of Attorney does not authorize your agent to perform transactions related to your motor vehicle operators' license or motor vehicle registration or certificate of title. The agent must have the signature of the motor vehicle operator's license or certificate of title.
3. The Special Power of Attorney bearing original signatures must be shown and will be returned to you.
4. Please sign any document or certificate of title of the motor vehicle operator that is in your Court of Probate for an accounting, as provided in subsection (b) or section 63a-173 of the Connecticut General Statutes.
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, which are intended to constitute a Special Power of Attorney that I,
do hereby appoint
(Print your full name above)
as my attorney-in-fact
(Print your full name of your agent above)
to act in my name, place and place in any vehicle I cannot do, as if I were personally present, to the full extent permitted by law to act as an agent, to make, to complete, and to execute any application or other written document or form that is required to be signed by the agent in order to complete the transaction. I authorize the agent to do so in accordance with the provisions of the said Commissioner by any provision of the General Statutes of Connecticut or the regulations of Connecticut State Agencies, in connection with the registration of any motor vehicle or certificates of title to any motor vehicles. The Special Power of Attorney is granted and is valid only for the express purposes stated herein, and may not be used for any transaction involving any other person or party who is not named herein.
day of
day of
IN Witness WHEREOF, I have herein signed my name below on this
(L.S.)
Principal:
(Sign your full name as above)
Attested and subscribed in the presence of the Principal and subsequent to the Principal subscribing same:
(Signature of Witness)
(Signature of Witness)
STATE OF CONNECTICUT
COUNTY OF
SS:
(Signature of Agent)
day of
(Full name of Principal)
day of
(I have agreed the same as his or her free act and deed, before me, this
20
Notary Public/Justice of Peace Commissioner of the Superior Court
Seal of the Notary Public/Justice of Peace
My commission expires: