Form CT-W4 Instructions
Employee General Instructions
Form CT-W4NA and Form CT-W4 will help your employer determine whether your employee is a "Non-Resident" or a "Resident within Connecticut." If you are a "Non-Resident" you are required to report your income tax withholding unless you qualify as a "Resident within Connecticut." If you are a "Resident within Connecticut" you may request that the Connecticut income tax liability should choose withholding Code "E" instead of "W".
Form CT-W4 Employee's withholding Code describes your employer with the necessary information to withheld the correct amount of income tax withholding from your employee. If you do not be under withholding or over withholding.
Armed Forces Personnel and Veterans
For Form CT-W4 purposes, gross income means all income from your employment, including wages, tips, bonuses, interest, rent, utilities, or services, not exempt from federal income tax, and includes any income tax withholding from your employer within Connecticut. If you are a "Resident within Connecticut" you may request that the Connecticut Resident Income Tax Return, or Form CT-1604NR(EPY), Connecticut State Tax Return, or Form CT-1604NR(EPY) be filed with the Connecticut Department of Revenue Services.
Armed Forces Residency Relief Act (MRA)
If you are claiming an exemption from Connecticut income tax under the MRA, you must file a form CT-1604NR(EPY) with the Connecticut State Department of Revenue Services and a copy of your military dependent ID card.
Military Spouse Residency Relief Act (MRA)
Filing Status
If you expect to report on your Connecticut income tax return is the same as the filing status you expect to report on your Form CT-1604NR(EPY), you can file a form CT-1604NR(EPY) with the Connecticut State Department of Armed Forces, Department of Labor and Employment, or Department of Health and Human Services.
For any employee who is a "Non-Resident" of CT-W4, you are required to withdraw at the highest marginal rate of 6.90%, without any deduction for tax withholding. You must file your file for each employee.
Check Your withholding
You may be under withholding if any of the following apply:
You are a "Non-Resident"
You qualify under Certain Married Individuals or Spouses (CT-W4(EPY))
You are a "Non-Resident"
Department of Revenue Services
If you own $1,000 or more, after subtracting from your Connecticut income tax return the amount of your income for the prior six months, you are required to report your income for the prior six months. You will not be required to report your income for the month of the month or fraction of a month.
Department of Labor and Employment
Hartford CT 06104-2323
If you are under withholding, you should consider adjusting your income tax withholding amount. You should adjust your estimated Connecticut Income Tax Payment Coupon for individuals and corporations. You should adjust your estimated Connecticut Income Tax Payment Coupon for corporations.
New hires can be reported by:
1. You must file Form CT-W4 with your Hire Reporting website at www.ct.state.state.us/new hires;
2. You must file Form CT-W4 with your Department of Labor and Employment;
3. You must file Form CT-W4 with your Office of Research, CT-W4;
4. You must file Form CT-W4 with your Department of Labor and Employment;
5. You must file Form CT-W4 with your Department of Labor and Employment;
6. You must file Form CT-W4 with your Department of Labor and Employment;
Page 3 of 2